And The Last Lecture we got our data and that is working fine.
However we recognized that if we store a recipe without ingredients that it's stored like there's no
ingredients properties present on the server.
If I now try to fetch that while you see it works you will see it even better if I delete the recipe
before doing that.
So that works fine because we have some code catching the case that we might not have recipes but still
I'm not super happy with the fact that whatever we store here on the server technically no longer satisfies
our recipe description our recipes model because we get recipes and words we do not get an error anywhere
in our app due to the missing ingredients.
Side note The place where you could get one is in the edit component when you initialize your forum
but there we check for the existence of an ingredients property.
But if you wouldn't have this check or somebody else in your app you rely on your recipes always having
these ingredients aere.
Even if it's empty then your app could fail because if you fetched the data from the server and no recipes
were added They are the whole property ingredients will not be present.
And this could give you errors.
So let's fix this by adding the map operator on our get request here so that we can transform the response
we get back.
So a year will now get the response of type response.
And now I want to transform it so dead here in the SUBSCRIBE method.
We in the end get an array of recipes of type recipe array which we can use.
So I will strip out this line here.
And add it to my response and so that now I do that transformation here and I extract the data here
and now I want to ensure that each recipe does have an ingredient property.
I can ensure this by adding a for loop.
So I want to loop through all my recipes here the recipe I got back and forth each recipe I want to
check if it has an ingredient property which means it doesn't have an array no matter if that is empty
or not.
But it does have the property and that's the important thing because we would get arrows if we try to
access that property if it is not there.
So I will simply check if recipes or each individual recipe in this loop.
If Dad has the ingredients property and dad will return undefined and therefore false.
If this is not the case hence the thing I'm really interested in is the opposite.
So let's add an exclamation mark and check if we don't have the ingredients property in which case I
want to add it.
So in this case I want to add the ingredients property year and said is equal to an empty array because
then it still doesn't have ingredients.
But at least it has the property where lift is.
I'm in the end returning my recipes aere with the updated recipes ensuring that every recipe has an
ingredients property and now the app should work fine at all circumstances.
Now if that all said we can simply check if it works by going into our IF check here and logging the
recipe we're currently at in this iteration to see how off that is called.
Now if we save to go back to the application and now I delete the recipe and then click fetch you see
is only called once which makes sense because only the schnitzel was the problematic object without
ingredients so it was called for the Burga which had ingredients.
So that indicates our code is working fine here and we are transforming our data to Anstey's ingredients
property to every recipe we fetch and that already has everything I wanted to achieve in the section.
With that we added HGP functionality.
Of course you could go ahead and also store your shopping list on the server.
It's not something I'm going to implement here but definitely something you can do.
I'm happy with the state of the application we reached here though.
The next time we will reach is recipe book appier in the course we will add authentication to ensure
it only locked in users are able to store and fetch your recipes or create new recipes and so on.
So that's something we're going to add.
Then see you in the next videos.